[CIRCLE-35425] update runner on server (#5588)
circleci/circleci-docs: jekyll/_cci2/runner-installation.adoc

  cleanup_working_directory: true
```

> Replace `AUTH_TOKEN` with the token created in the <<#authentication,Authentication step>>. `RUNNER_NAME` can be anything you'd like though should be unique among all other runners used by the same resource class.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Replace `AUTH_TOKEN` with the token created in the <<#authentication,Authentication step>>. `RUNNER_NAME` can be anything you would like although should be unique among all other runners used by the same resource class.
```

When the container starts, it will immediately attempt to start running jobs.

> ==== Start the Docker container on Server

Reviewer: ```suggestion
==== Start the Docker container on server
```

When starting the docker container on server the `agent_version` environment variable will need to be passed in using the `--env` flag as well.

``` bash
CIRCLECI_RESOURCE_CLASS=<resource-class> CIRCLECI_API_TOKEN=<runner-token> agent_version=<agent_version_for_server> docker run --env agent_version --env CIRCLECI_API_TOKEN --env CIRCLECI_RESOURCE_CLASS --name <container-name> <image-id-from-previous-step>
```

=== Stopping the Docker container

``` bash
docker stop <container-name>
```

=== Remove the Docker container

> In some cases it may be required to fully remove a stopped Runner container from the system, such as when recreating the container using the same name.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In some cases you might need to fully remove a stopped runner container from the system, such as when recreating a container using the same name.
```

| 1.0.11147-881b608
|===

> == Upgrading Runner On Server

Reviewer: ```suggestion
== Upgrading runner on server
```

Reviewer: All other headings should be in sentence case

> Unlike with the CircleCI cloud offering, the server product does not automatically update the `circleci-launch-agent` and requires manual intervention to update.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Unlike CircleCI cloud, server does not automatically update the `circleci-launch-agent` and requires manual intervention to update.
```

 
=== Upgrading Runners in Containerized Environments

==== Upgrading Runners for Kubernetes 

Please refer to the xref:runner-on-kubernetes.adoc[Kubernetes Installation Instructions]

==== Upgrading Runners for Docker

> . Stop any currently running Runner containers following the <<Stopping the Docker container>> instructions
> . Remove the runner containers following the <<Stopping the Docker container>> instructions
> . Start a new Runner Docker container following the <<Start the Docker container on Server>> instructions

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. Stop any currently running Runner containers following the <<Stopping the Docker container>> instructions.
. Remove the runner containers following the <<Stopping the Docker container>> instructions.
. Start a new Runner Docker container following the <<Start the Docker container on Server>> instructions.
```

=== Upgrading Runners in Non-Containerized Environments

The process for manually updating the `circleci-launch-agent` binary can be broken down into three steps for non containerized environments.

> . Replace existing `circleci-launch-agent` binary with the new version
> . Stop currently running `circleci-launch-agent` processes
> . Start the new version of the `circleci-launch-agent` binary

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. Replace existing `circleci-launch-agent` binary with the new version.
. Stop currently running `circleci-launch-agent` processes.
. Start the new version of the `circleci-launch-agent` binary.
```
